PORT-2605 Add custom gitops integration docs (#162)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/api-providers/gitops/custom-gitops-integration.md

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Custom GitOps Integration

If Port's available GitOps providers do not fit your use-case, you can create a custom GitOps integration by using our API.

:::tip
Before writing custom logic to integrate Port into your GitOps process, you should check our existing [GitOps providers](./gitops.md), [exporters](../../exporters/exporters.md) and [API Providers](../../api-providers/api-providers.md).
:::

> ## Scenario

Reviewer: Maybe another word? stage, condition, use-case... what ever works best

> You want to use GitOps to manage your microservice Entities and keep them up to date in Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You want to use GitOps in Port to manage and regularly update your microservice Entities.
```

> To implement this use-case, you will add a `json` file in your microservice repository containing the microservice Entity JSON.
> 
> Then, whenever your CI/CD process runs, it will check if the contents of the file changed and send the new files contents for Port's API with a simple API call, thus always keeping your microservice Entity up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, add a `json` file in your microservice repository containing the microservice Entity JSON.

Then, whenever your CI/CD process runs, an automatic check will review whether the contents of the file changed, and will send the new file contents to Port's API using a simple API call, thus always keeping your microservice Entity up to date.
```
